calendar::calendar& opAssign(const calendar&in)
calendar::calendar& opAssign(const timestamp&in)
calendar::calendar& opAssign(double)
calendar::calendar& set(int, int, int, int = 0, int = 0, int = 0, int = 0, int = 0)
calendar::int get_year() const property
calendar::int get_yearday() const property
calendar::int get_month() const property
calendar::int week(int = 1) const
calendar::int get_weekday() const property
calendar::int get_day() const property
calendar::int get_hour() const property
calendar::int get_hour12() const property
calendar::bool get_AM() const property
calendar::bool get_PM() const property
calendar::int get_minute() const property
calendar::int get_second() const property
calendar::int get_millisecond() const property
calendar::int get_microsecond() const property
calendar::double get_julian_day() const property
calendar::int get_tzd() const property
calendar::datetime get_UTC() const property
calendar::timestamp get_timestamp() const property
calendar::int64 get_UTC_time() const property
calendar::bool opEquals(const calendar&in) const
calendar::int opCmp(const calendar&in) const
calendar::calendar opAdd(const timespan&in) const
calendar::calendar opSub(const timespan&in) const
calendar::timespan opSub(const calendar&in) const
calendar::calendar& opAddAssign(const timespan&in)
calendar::calendar& opSubAssign(const timespan&in)
calendar::string format(const string&in)